Add Security section to docs (#378)
0xPolygon/polygon-docs: docs/security/overview.md

> At Polygon Labs, ensuring the security of our information systems and safeguarding the sensitive data of our clients and employees is of paramount importance. We prioritize security throughout every facet of our operations, from implementing robust security policies and guidelines to adopting industry best practices, such as ISO 27001 as a baseline for our security program and adhering to the OWASP recommendations for secure software development. We invest heavily in continuous security training for our employees, keeping them informed of emerging threats and equipping them with the necessary skills to protect our digital assets. In addition, we embrace a proactive approach by incorporating security by design principles and utilizing state-of-the-art security tools to detect and mitigate vulnerabilities at every stage of the development lifecycle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At Polygon Labs, ensuring the security of our information systems, and safeguarding the sensitive data of our clients and employees, is of paramount importance. We prioritize security throughout every facet of our operations, from implementing robust security policies and guidelines to adopting industry best practices, such as ISO 27001 as a baseline for our security program and adhering to the OWASP recommendations for secure software development. We invest heavily in continuous security training for our employees, keeping them informed of emerging threats and equipping them with the necessary skills to protect our digital assets. In addition, we embrace a proactive approach by incorporating security-by-design principles and using state-of-the-art security tools to detect and mitigate vulnerabilities at every stage of the development lifecycle.
```

## Commitment to security

### Dedicated security team

> Security comes first at Polygon Labs and our commitment is proven by our in-house security team of 10+ full-time security engineers & leaders. The team remains involved in the web3 space and together with other major organizations is driving new innovations and best practices for all. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Security comes first at Polygon Labs and our commitment is proven by our in-house security team of 10+ full-time security engineers & leaders. The team remains involved in the web3 space and, together with other major organizations, is driving new innovations and best practices for all. 
```

### Continuous monitoring

> Polygon Labs monitors the bridge and related smart contracts for suspicious activities. Polygon’s in-house security team works alongside the Polygon development teams  and other industry experts to stay updated on known vulnerabilities in the space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Polygon Labs monitors the bridge and related smart contracts for suspicious activities. Polygon’s in-house security team works alongside the Polygon development teams and other industry experts to stay updated on known vulnerabilities in the space.
```

### Periodic security assessments

> Polygon Labs periodically assesses the security its products and applications through extensive internal testing and external engagements, such as audits and penetration testing. All products and applications have been assessed multiple times to date. Security assessments continue as the ecosystem matures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Polygon Labs periodically assesses the security of its products and applications through extensive internal testing and external engagements, such as audits and penetration testing. All products and applications have been assessed multiple times to date. Security assessments continue as the ecosystem matures.
```

> Polygon Labs periodically assesses the security of its products and applications through extensive internal testing and external engagements, such as audits and penetration testing. All products and applications have been assessed multiple times to date. Security assessments continue as the ecosystem matures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Polygon Labs periodically assesses the security of its products and applications through extensive internal testing and external engagements, such as audits and penetration testing. All products and applications have been assessed multiple times to date. Security assessments evolve as the ecosystem matures.
```

### Bug bounty program

> Developers of Polygon have ongoing bug bounty programs on leading Bug Bounty platforms with rewards of up to $1M for reported vulnerabilities in Polygon contracts. It was the most significant bounty program in the web3 community at the time of launch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Developers working on Polygon enjoy ongoing bug bounty programs on leading platforms with rewards of up to $1M for reported vulnerabilities in Polygon contracts. It was the most significant bounty program in the web3 community at the time of launch.
```

### Enable developer community

> Polygon Labs is committed to enabling the developer community, allowing them to surface vulnerabilities and patching them before they are exploited.  Polygon Labs has a strict focus on security in our development lifecycle, heavily testing all code and following best practices and standards such as the Secure Software Development Lifecycle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Polygon Labs is committed to enabling the developer community to surface vulnerabilities and patch them before they are exploited. Polygon Labs has a strict focus on security in our development lifecycle, heavily testing all code and following best practices and standards such as the Secure Software Development Lifecycle.
```

## Conclusion

> In summary, our organization stands as one of the leaders in the web3 security sector. Our distinction arises from our commitment to not only implementing the best security practices but also dedicating substantial resources to this endeavor. Through tireless efforts, we have cultivated a culture of continuous improvement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In summary, our organization is one of the leaders in the web3 security sector. Our distinction arises from our commitment to not only implementing the best security practices but also dedicating substantial resources to this endeavor. Through tireless efforts, we have cultivated a culture of continuous improvement.
```

> Our success is related to our dedication to measuring our performance rigorously. This steadfast focus on self-assessment empowers us to not only maintain the highest standards but to push the boundaries of excellence in web3 security.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our success is related to our dedication to rigorous performance measurements. This steadfast focus on self-assessment empowers us to not only maintain the highest standards but to push the boundaries of excellence in web3 security.
```
